chore: Update flutter datastore sync docs (#2931)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/datastore/fragments/flutter/sync/10-installPlugin.md

### Add the API plugin

> The cloud synchronization uses the [API category](~/lib/graphqlapi/getting-started.md) behind the scenes. Therefore the first step is to add the API plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataStore's cloud synchronization uses the [API category](~/lib/graphqlapi/getting-started.md) behind the scenes. Therefore, the first step is to add the API plugin.
```

Make sure you have the following plugin dependency in your `pubspec.yaml`.

```yaml
amplify_api: '<1.0.0'
```

> Then import and add the plugin in your Amplify initialization code alongside with the previously added `AmplifyDataStore` plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, locate your Amplify initialization code, and add an `AmplifyAPI()` plugin. Your initialization code should already include an `AmplifyDataStore()` plugin, from previous steps. Note the new `import` statement for API, towards the top of the file.
```
